Updates to Hybrid Collaboration Chapter (#3730)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/collaboration/hybrid-collab/hybrid-collab-resources.md

## Further Reading

> -  [How to Plan and Host a Hybrid Event](https://www.virtualtradeshowhosting.com/how-to-organize-a-successful-hybrid-event/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How to Plan and Host a Hybrid Event](https://www.virtualtradeshowhosting.com/how-to-organize-a-successful-hybrid-event/)
```

> - Tips for how-to-organize-a-successful-hybrid-event:https://www.virtualtradeshowhosting.com/how-to-organize-a-successful-hybrid-event/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  [How to Plan and Host a Hybrid Event](https://www.virtualtradeshowhosting.com/how-to-organize-a-successful-hybrid-event/)
```

> - Common challenges in handling Hybrid activities:5 Challenges of Hybrid Events and How To Overcome Them - vFairs.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This doesn't link to any concrete resources so I think we can remove it

> - Best Practices: https://getofficely.com/blog/host-better-hybrid-events-at-work-best-practices-and-examples-for-managers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Best Practices and examples for managers](https://getofficely.com/blog/host-better-hybrid-events-at-work-best-practices-and-examples-for-managers)
```

> - Recommendations in [holding accessible hybrid meetings](https://raw.githack.com/w3c/apa/9c9109f52551b42e27f77a61b30415602df39565/remote-meetings/index.html#holding-accessible-hybrid-meetings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recommendations in [holding accessible hybrid meetings](https://raw.githack.com/w3c/apa/9c9109f52551b42e27f77a61b30415602df39565/remote-meetings/index.html#holding-accessible-hybrid-meetings)
```
For consistency

Author: Thank you! Agreed.
